GIT logs and which patches do what
-----------------------------------
patchlog.sh generates a set of text-files, each listing a set of git
commits that implements some feature or set of features. All pure
modules are grouped together, while all core changes (diffs to the
Prestashop code) are grouped properly according to functionality.


The order process
------------------
The order process has been modularized. New order pages are modules
that inherit from OrderPage. These must provide a member variable
orderPageTitle, and from these the order steps "trainmap" till be
constructed for each order page.

Themes
-------
Themes can be set per category, but are inherited from the parent
category of a category if it doesn't specify one. This is, by uggly
neccessity, done in config/config.inc.php. The name of the theme for a
category is stored in a varchar column in the category table (null
means inherit).

$NAME_OF_THEME/smarty-plugins is added to the smarty plugin search
path so that themes can add their own smarty plugins.

A smarty function called hookExec has been added that can be used to
call Prestashop hooks directly from templates. This, as opposed to the
standard hook execution (using $smarty->assign) allows the same hook
to be executed multiple times with different data within the same
page. This is used to add action buttons to products in the product
listing displays.

Hooks
------
Miscelanous extra hooks have been added here and there just to add the
ability to add content like buttons in specific places.

Articles
---------
A "type" columnt has been added to the product table, and this is used
to select different templates when rendering the product, as well as
select if product actions are shown or not, and which fields to show
during editing of a product. There are currently two types - product
and article. An article is a "product" that is not sold, and is shown
mostly like a newspaper article. It does not have a price, but can
have "accessories" (shown as "products used"), comments and everything
else product can have.
